c:\users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\EncogDemo.Console.exe.config
c:\users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\EncogDemo.Console.exe
c:\users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\EncogDemo.Console.pdb
c:\users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\encog-core-cs.dll
c:\users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\obj\Debug\EncogDemo.Demo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\obj\Debug\EncogDemo.Demo.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\obj\Debug\EncogDemo.Console.exe
c:\users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\obj\Debug\EncogDemo.Console.pdb
c:\users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\grunbergcsmorten.csv
c:\users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\grunbergvsmorten_rematch.csv
c:\users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\mortenvsgrunberg.csv
c:\users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\mortenvsgrunberg_rematch.csv
C:\Users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\network.eg
C:\Users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\9-21 Morten 5mål.csv
C:\Users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\9-21 Steffan 5mål.csv
C:\Users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\0210\antonvsgrunberg.csv
C:\Users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\0210\antonvsmorten.csv
C:\Users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\0210\grunbergvsanton.csv
C:\Users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\0210\grunbergvsmorten.csv
C:\Users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\0210\mortenvsanton.csv
C:\Users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\0210\mortenvsgrunberg.csv
C:\Users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\0210\mounting_device.csv
C:\Users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\model\network.eg
C:\Users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\1506329500_mortensKick2.csv
C:\Users\morte\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\1506330115_grundbergtest.csv
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Development\P5\P5-Embedded\DataHub\DataHub.NeuralNetwork\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\0210\antonvsgrunberg.csv
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Development\P5\P5-Embedded\DataHub\DataHub.NeuralNetwork\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\0210\antonvsmorten.csv
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Development\P5\P5-Embedded\DataHub\DataHub.NeuralNetwork\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\0210\grunbergvsanton.csv
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Development\P5\P5-Embedded\DataHub\DataHub.NeuralNetwork\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\0210\grunbergvsmorten.csv
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Development\P5\P5-Embedded\DataHub\DataHub.NeuralNetwork\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\0210\mortenvsanton.csv
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Development\P5\P5-Embedded\DataHub\DataHub.NeuralNetwork\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\0210\mortenvsgrunberg.csv
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Development\P5\P5-Embedded\DataHub\DataHub.NeuralNetwork\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\0210\mounting_device.csv
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Development\P5\P5-Embedded\DataHub\DataHub.NeuralNetwork\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\model\network.eg
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Development\P5\P5-Embedded\DataHub\DataHub.NeuralNetwork\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\network.eg
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Development\P5\P5-Embedded\DataHub\DataHub.NeuralNetwork\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\EncogDemo.Console.exe.config
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Development\P5\P5-Embedded\DataHub\DataHub.NeuralNetwork\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\EncogDemo.Console.exe
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Development\P5\P5-Embedded\DataHub\DataHub.NeuralNetwork\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\EncogDemo.Console.pdb
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Development\P5\P5-Embedded\DataHub\DataHub.NeuralNetwork\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\encog-core-cs.dll
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Development\P5\P5-Embedded\DataHub\DataHub.NeuralNetwork\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Development\P5\P5-Embedded\DataHub\DataHub.NeuralNetwork\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Development\P5\P5-Embedded\DataHub\DataHub.NeuralNetwork\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\obj\Debug\EncogDemo.Demo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Development\P5\P5-Embedded\DataHub\DataHub.NeuralNetwork\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\obj\Debug\EncogDemo.Demo.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Development\P5\P5-Embedded\DataHub\DataHub.NeuralNetwork\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\obj\Debug\EncogDemo.Console.exe
C:\Users\morte\Documents\Development\P5\P5-Embedded\DataHub\DataHub.NeuralNetwork\EncogDemo\EncogDemo.Console\obj\Debug\EncogDemo.Console.pdb
